Adventures of Matthew in Vanuatu
        This story is set in Vanuatu in 1987. Matthew is the protagonist, he is a     Art administrator that has a dream of to be a rockstar but is scared of stepping up. 
        
        One day, Matthew witnesses a baby downs which changes everything. Matthew's fears of stepping up are amplified in having to deal with the guilt associated with seeing a mother lose her only child. This causes the protagonist great hatred.
        sorrowed by the event, Matthew is called into the unknown. Suddenly the comforts of normalcy begin to fade and our protagonist is lost. 

        
        Matthew soon discovers that things have changed. The world is no longer as it seemed, the protagonist meets Noah who is a     Set dresser. Noah is different from Matthew in that he is not scared of the unknown.

        The world that Matthew has entered is not the same as his place of comfort. Things are different here that that which he knew back home. 

        
        As Matthew goes deeper and deeper into this new place, Matthew faces greater and greater challenges. his skills at navigating the new world are limited. he must work with his new friend Noah to develop them.
        he must continue to face internal and external challenges, slowing approaching the ultimate challenge. 

        
            Along this journey Matthew undergoes a number of character developemnts through the progression of the subplots which include reconnecting with family members and reconnecting with family members. These test his ability to understand people and conflict, ensuring character developent in the process.

            
        Finally Matthew faces the ultimate challenge, confronting Jack who wants to     Curator. to be a great person's skills are much stronger than Jack's but Matthew has developed them through training. 


        
        The challenge is incredibly difficult and causes Matthew to complely doubt himself. In the end it is almost over but he gets the strength to continue and ultimately succeeds against Jack


        
        Finally Matthew is able to return home. Having achieved success at overcoming the ultimate challenge, brining home the lessons to his family and friends
        and sharing his gifts with the community. 
        