
        This story is set in Brunei  in 2043. Ayden is the protagonist, he is a     Media designer that has a dream of to be a great person but is scared of repationships. 
        
        One day, a Plane crash happens which changes everything. Ayden's fears of repationships are amplified in having to deal with losing loved ones. This causes the protagonist great hatred.
        hatreded by the event, Ayden is called into the unknown. Suddenly the comforts of normalcy begin to fade and our protagonist is lost. 

        
        Ayden soon discovers that things have changed. The world is no longer as it seemed, the protagonist meets Jeffrey who is a     Photojournalist. Jeffrey is different from Ayden in that he is not scared of the unknown.

        The world that Ayden has entered is not the same as his place of comfort. Things are different here that that which he knew back home. 

        
        As Ayden goes deeper and deeper into this new place, Ayden faces greater and greater challenges. his skills at navigating the new world are limited. he must work with his new friend Jeffrey to develop them.
        he must continue to face internal and external challenges, slowing approaching the ultimate challenge. 

        
            Along this journey Ayden undergoes a number of character developemnts through the progression of the subplots which include developing a love affair and overcoming inner psychological tourments. These test his ability to understand people and conflict, ensuring character developent in the process.

            
        Finally Ayden faces the ultimate challenge, confronting Leonardo who wants to     Advertising designer. to be a great person's skills are much stronger than Leonardo's but Ayden has developed them through training. 


        
        The challenge is incredibly difficult and causes Ayden to complely doubt himself. In the end it is almost over but he gets the strength to continue and ultimately succeeds against Leonardo


        
        Finally Ayden is able to return home. Having achieved success at overcoming the ultimate challenge, brining home the lessons to his family and friends
        and sharing his gifts with the community. 
        